hey guys it's Reagan and today I thought
it would be a good time to film my
favorite contemporary reads as it is
like the midst of summer now some of you
might be surprised that I'm making this
video because contemporary is definitely
not the genre that I generally gravitate
to the most however that doesn't mean I
haven't read some contemporary novels
that I have really really loved and that
I would love to share with you so I'm
gonna start with the obvious ones or at
least the ones I think are obvious the
ones I mentioned a lot of times in my
channel the first one being the story
life of AJ Ficker II by Gabrielle Devin
this is a wonderful heartwarming adult
contemporary novel following a man who's
kind of down on life and who owns kind
of a failing bookstore but his life kind
of gets turned upside down when he
discovers a gift a thing that has been
left for him within his bookstore and it
is just so good this book is really
small but it packs a really big punch in
such a short amount of time it provides
all the emotional things you are looking
for within a contemporary it's light
it's funny it has its darker moments
it's all about redemption and family and
it's absolutely beautiful and I loved it
it's also very very funny next favorite
contemporary is what I really talked
like almost too much about so I will be
really brief about it and it is
Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets
of the universe by Benjamin Alire e
signs I couldn't make this video and not
mention this book essentially so here I
am mentioning it this is a beautiful
book about a boy friendship and about
growing up and family and self-identity
and it's set in El Paso Texas if you
haven't read it please do yourself a
favor read it I think it's just a really
lovely read I really enjoyed this one
next we kind of have a nice Beach read
for you and that is the summer I turn
true pretty trilogy by Jenny Han this is
a young adult contemporary trilogy
following a young girl belly as she
grows up um basically from the age of 14
to 22 and it's basically following her
in different summers of her lives and it
kind of surrounds a beach house and it
kind of surrounds her life at the beach
at this beach house and these two boys
named Jeremiah and Conrad who were
brothers this is definitely like kind of
a great traditional summer contemporary
it is light at some moments but it does
have
your times as well and I really love the
family aspect of this book Jenny Han
always has a really great family thing
and her books which is why I love them
so much and why I love reading her book
so much but yeah if you haven't read
this trilogy I really recommend it it's
good next we have a book that I consider
to be Marcus's axe lesser-known work and
that is I am The Messenger by Markus
Zusak this is a contemporary novel
following a young man who's kind of lost
and kind of drifting through life not
really sure what he wants to do but at
the moment he's a cab driver but he's
just sort of kind of in love with his
best friend and I'm really wanting to
say anything just kind of drifting right
now but then one day he finds a playing
card in his mailbox with instructions
and those playing cards lead him on a
journey that kind of changes his life
and perspective for for different I'm
not going to say for better or for worse
but um it is an amazing story it's
really funny but also has a great
emotional element in it that I believe
Markus Zusak just does so well so if you
hadn't heard of this or picked it up
read it I decided to only put one
Rainbow Rowell book in this video
because I already feel like everyone
knows Rainbow Rowell and I decided to
not pick fangirl even though I loved
fangirl but I feel like everyone already
knows about that book so instead I
picked attachments by Rainbow Rowell
which is actually the first book of hers
I've ever read and this is an adult
contemporary novel and it kind of falls
our main perspective of this guy named
Lincoln and he works for the IT
department for a company which is
basically in the early 2000s he reads
and monitors emails between employees
and basically Flags them for
inappropriate behavior to kind of keep
everyone in the office responsible and
stuff like that however he starts
reading this conversation between two
females and he is like drawn to them in
a way like he loves reading their
conversations so he knows he should flag
them but he doesn't and then slowly he
realizes he's falling in love with one
of them I found this book to be
hilarious and really relatable and
heartwarming and I really liked the
perspective of a male character from
Rainbow because a lot of her books are
from a female perspective all the other
ones I believe are mostly from a female
perspective so if you want something a
little different I definitely would
check this out it's super funny and so
cute next we have another pretty famous
one and that is it's kind of a funny
story by Ned Vizzini
this is a wonderfully tragic book um if
you're not aware Ned Vizzini actually
committed suicide not too long ago and
this book actually deals with the topic
of suicide it follows a young male
character who is in a very prestigious
high school that gives him a lot of
stress and because of the stress he's
kind of fall into a very deep depression
he can't eat he can't sleep and then one
night he tries to kill himself and this
puts him inside of a mental hospital to
recover
um the great strengths that I feel like
this book has I feel like one deals with
mental illness very very well as then
Vizzini has struggled with that
struggled with that in his life but it's
also hilarious all of the characters are
really really really um likeable or
interesting and I just feel like it
offers that great perspective of life
can be really hard but there's ups and
downs to every aspect of life and
because of that some things are going to
be funny even when they're not supposed
to be funny like they're gonna be funny
because you're trying to make the best
of it anyway I just think this is a
really really great story if you haven't
picked it up or checked it out do so and
the next book I'm going to talk about is
where things come back by John Corley
Whaley this is a very interesting story
that I feel like it's best without
knowing what it's about at all cuz
that's how I read it
it's really great it's a really weird
story and I literally can't tell you
anything but there's basically one
sentence on the back that I think is
great it says in a remarkable bizarre
and heart-rendering summer before :
would her senior of high school
everything he thinks he understands
about a small and painfully dull or
cassava Arkansas town vanishes which is
kind of the best way to describe it's
just about a guy who lives in a town and
stuff happens and it's very interesting
and it's super well-written very short
read it any last contemporary
recommendation I have for you isn't
really another really popular one and
it's another kind of cutesy read and it
is to all the boys I love before duality
but Jenny Han if you haven't noticed
I clearly really like Jenny Hans
contemporary writing why yes that is
true
and it's because she offers so many
fantastic love triangles or just really
cute relationships but she also has a
really strong element of family threaded
through all the books I've read of hers
I just love all of the families in them
they're all very unique and caring and
loving and just I just like reading a
contemporary book with a great family
bond as well I don't know
I like family I like my family I like to
read about their families but yeah these
are adorable I'm sure you all know what
they're about but if you haven't read
them get them they're so cute and
they're literally perfect for the summer
time alrighty guys those are some of my
favorite contemporary reads that I have
read in the past couple of years let me
know down below some of your favorite
contemporary books because I know I need
to read more because I haven't read that
many and I know I'll give you the Sun
should be on this list but I haven't
read it yet anyway I'll see you guys
soon with another video soon goodbye